What is Cucumber?
---> A BDD Tool: It’s a testing tool that supports Behavior Driven Development, allowing you to write test cases that anyone (even non-technical managers) can read.
Gherkin Language: It uses a specific syntax called Gherkin (Given, When, Then) to write tests in plain English.
The Bridge: It acts as a translation layer between Business Requirements and your Selenium Automation code.

The Main Components:~

1. Feature File (.feature): Written in Gherkin. It contains the test scenarios in plain English.
+1
2. Step Definitions (Java): This is the "Glue" code. It maps the English sentences from the feature file to actual Selenium methods.
3. Test Runner Class: A small Java class that tells Cucumber where the feature files and step definitions are located and how to run them (using JUnit or TestNG).

Key Cucumber Pointers:~

A. Gherkin Keywords
Given: Describes the initial context or "Pre-condition" (e.g., Given I am on the login page).
When: Describes the action or event (e.g., When I enter valid credentials).
Then: Describes the expected outcome or "Assertion" (e.g., Then I should be redirected to the dashboard).
And / But: Used to add more conditions without repeating Given/When/Then.

B. Scenario Outline (Data-Driven Testing)
Instead of writing 10 scenarios for 10 different users, you use a Scenario Outline with an Examples table. Cucumber will run the same test multiple times using different rows of data.

C. Background
If every scenario in a feature file starts with the same 2 steps (like "Navigate to URL"), you put them under Background:. This runs before every scenario in that file, keeping your code DRY (Don't Repeat Yourself).

D. Hooks (@Before and @After)
Just like your @BeforeMethod in TestNG, Cucumber Hooks allow you to set up the driver and tear it down.
---> Note: Cucumber Hooks are different from TestNG/JUnit annotations; they are specific to the Cucumber lifecycle.

E. Tags
You can label your scenarios with tags like @Smoke, @Regression, or @Jira-123. This allows you to run only specific groups of tests from your Runner class.

How Cucumber fits with POM

This is the most important part for your "Full Stack" project. You don't put Selenium code directly in Cucumber Step Definitions. Instead:

Feature File says: When I enter my username

Step Definition calls: pageObj.enterUsername("student");

Page Object contains: driver.findElement(By.id("user")).sendKeys(text);